Tooltip: update demo description (#1966)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Tooltip/Overview/description.md

> The Tooltip component displays a tooltip near an element on the page. To bind the Tooltip to an element, use the [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) property. 

Reviewer: Do you mean 
```suggestion
The Tooltip component can display a tooltip for an element on the page. To bind the Tooltip to an element, use the [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) property. 
```

> The Tooltip component displays a tooltip near an element on the page. To bind the Tooltip to the element, use the [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) property. 

Reviewer 2: To bind the Tooltip to **any** element...

```suggestion
The Tooltip component displays a tooltip near an element on the page. To bind the Tooltip to an element, use the [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) property. 
```

## Show and Hide the Tooltip

> Specify [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) in the target element markup that need to be triggered to change the Tooltip visibility. Bind the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property of the Tooltip to a variable and use event handlers to toggle this variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) in the target element's markup that needs to be triggered to change the Tooltip's visibility. Bind the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property of the Tooltip to a variable and use event handlers to toggle this variable.
```

> Specify [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) in the target element's markup that needs to be triggered to change the Tooltip's visibility. Bind the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property of the Tooltip to a variable and use event handlers to toggle this variable.

Author: ```suggestion
Specify [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) in the target element's markup that need to be triggered to change the Tooltip's visibility. Bind the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property of the Tooltip to a variable and use event handlers to toggle this variable.
```

> Use two-way binding on the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property of the Tooltip and assign a variable to this property. In the target element markup, assign a function that changes this variable to the specific [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) that trigger the visibility of a tooltip.

Reviewer 2: > In the target element markup, assign a function that changes this variable to the specific [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) that trigger the visibility of a tooltip.

I cannot say I understand this sentence:
1. A function that changes this variable to the specific DOM events. Does the function replace the variable with specific DOM events?
2. DOM events that trigger the visibility of a tooltip. What do you mean by "trigger the visibility"?

Author: How about this (I rewrote the whole paragraph)?

> Specify [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events#event_listing) in the target element markup that need to be triggered to change the Tooltip visibility. Bind the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property of the Tooltip to a variable and use event handlers to toggle this variable.

Reviewer 2: Now this sentence makes sense. Thank you.

> To hide the Tooltip when a user clicks outside it, use the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To hide the Tooltip when a user clicks outside its borders, use the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property.
```

## Customize and Animate the Tooltip

> Assign Tooltip's content in the HTML markup. You can also use [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#contentTemplate) to customize the Tooltip's content.

Reviewer 2: Please do not use API members as ordinary sentence members. And don't forget about articles.

```suggestion
Assign the Tooltip's content in the HTML markup. Alternatively, you can use the [content template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#contentTemplate) to customize the Tooltip's content.
```

> If you need to position the Tooltip against a certain side of the target element, specify the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#position) property.

Reviewer: What do you mean by `against a certain side`? 
```suggestion
If you need to position the Tooltip at a certain side of the target element, specify the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#position) property.
```

> To animate the Tooltip, declare the [animation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/animation/) object. In this object, specify [show](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/animation/#show) and [hide](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/animation/#hide) fields.

Reviewer 2: Articles.

```suggestion
To animate the Tooltip, declare the [animation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/animation/) object. In this object, specify the [show](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/animation/#show) and [hide](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/animation/#hide) fields.
```
